As a side note even though we are building a static site and fact we are not using any of the back and
languages like no genius or BHP.
In fact we can make this form submit a bill.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well if you remember our previous project the T station all the way in the bottom we also had a form
and in fact we use the service by the name of Formspring.
So the same thing we can do here.
So let me open up just a form spray online of course it is a paid service but they also offer you a
free option where if you would like to just start using it the only thing we need is to grab the action
as well as the Post attribute.
So method with the value of both.
All right.
So first of all let's copy that then let's head over back to our form and then like I said for the form
notes and that.
And then in this case you need to write your email.
So essentially where we would like that form to be submitted.
So in my case the email that I'm going to use is going to be and let me double check because I have
one that I'm using for my courses all the time.
Keep forgetting the name of it.
So learn code tutorial AGM and outcome.
Now of course again in your case you would use your email but I'm gonna go with learn called tutorial
at AGM and dot com.
All right.
Again we have the attribute of method with the value of post and then one thing that is missing right
now is the name attribute.
So we're going to go with name attribute and let's just write the email.
All right let's say email or we can say reply to it doesn't really matter.
Well let's save that.
And even as we're working on our local dev environment we can still do that.
Now one thing that's going to happen is the first time we submitted we're gonna have to act effectively
approve the fact that the forms are going to be submitted.
So let's just test that out.
Let's say I would like to sign up for deals and I'm gonna go with a random at a g mail dot com.
Now if I'm going to try to submit it without in fact adding at my notice since we are using HDMI all
five well nation is gonna complain.
All right so let's write random G.M. dot com let's submit it.
There you go.
And like I said the first time we're going to submit that.
Well you know what.
Not just the first time in fact it's gonna ask whether you're a robot or not.
In general so let's say yes let's check on that.
And now it says while the form has been successfully submitted now in our end though we're going to
have to in fact check it out.
And you know what.
Without any kind of verification I was able to actually do it.
So in some cases the first time they were going to ask you they're going to say hey listen you need
to make sure that you can submit the form.
But in this case it right away just went and said yes the form has been submitted and this is what in
fact they're writing now since we only have one input.
That's the reason why it happens.
OK.
So let's just refresh the page.
There you go.
That's not what I wanted in fact.
Let's move back.
Now we're back in fact to our submission.
Now again we're not using JavaScript nothing like that.
So the values of course are not being deleted.
So we're going to have to do it manually but this is again just to show you as a side note that if you
really wanted to you could have your forms submitted just like we had previously already with our T
station recording.
Now maybe let's test that out also on a bigger screen size so let's do the same thing.
I'm going to close the forms pretty as well as the station.
No I don't need my identify as well.
Yes.
I'm not a robot that would be number one and then we can of course return to original site.
And that should be it.
This is going to be our form.
And again I have a new form submission notice once we again submitted the form.
There you go.
It says the random gmail dot com and just double sure let's say random to random two at gmail dot com
and let's try to submit it one more time.
Then let's click on it.
We're gonna have to say yes.
We're not a robot.
Then we can go back to original site and there you go.
That is our original site.
Everything has been cleared successfully.
And again we have one more form submission and just like that.
Online in this case the values at random to a GMO.
Now of course if you would want some kind of messages instead meaning let's say that not only you would
want to have the email there.
Let's say the name and message and all that.
You of course can do that.
And if you're interested you can head over back to our T station project where in fact we set up that
type of form.